README.md, before:

<h1 align=center><img src="https://assets-global.website-files.com/6257adef93867e50d84d30e2/636e0a69f118df70ad7828d4_icon_clyde_blurple_RGB.svg" width="64" height="64" /> Discord in Sidebar</h1>

<p align=center>
<img alt="Mozilla Add-on" src="https://img.shields.io/amo/v/%7Ba16c3799-d903-44e3-b044-a032197f5ef8%7D?style=for-the-badge">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/amo/rating/%7Ba16c3799-d903-44e3-b044-a032197f5ef8%7D?style=for-the-badge" />
<img src="https://img.shields.io/amo/dw/%7Ba16c3799-d903-44e3-b044-a032197f5ef8%7D?style=for-the-badge" />
<img src="https://img.shields.io/amo/users/%7Ba16c3799-d903-44e3-b044-a032197f5ef8%7D?style=for-the-badge" />
<img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/datastring/firefox-telegram-in-sidebar?style=for-the-badge" />
</p>

## Introduction

A Firefox WebExtension to display Discord within the Firefox sidebar. This extension adds a new section to the sidebar which contains the Discord web app. It also adds a shortcut, and a button toggle within the toolbar.

## How to Use

1. Toggle the sidebar by pressing `Alt+Shift+6`. This shortcut can be changed by going to _Add-ons → `Discord in Sidebar` → Options_.
2. If you prefer buttons over shortcuts, there is a toolbar button you can press to toggle the sidebar.

## How to Unlock Firefox Sidebar Width

The sidebar's width is _locked by default_ in Firefox. Unfortunately, the sidebar is very restrictive and I can only do so much to enhance the functionality of this extension. I put together a step-by-step guide on how to unlock it over at [my website](https://forgetful.dev/guides/unlock-firefox-sidebar/).

## Disclaimer

This Add-on is primarily for personal use; a personal project if you will. I'm just trying to use Discord on the Firefox sidebar. This add-on just launches their webapp in the sidebar. This extension is an independent project, has no relationship, and is not affiliated to Discord in any way.

Commit message:

add funding, contribution guide, code of conduct

README.md, after:

<h1 align=center><img src="https://assets-global.website-files.com/6257adef93867e50d84d30e2/636e0a69f118df70ad7828d4_icon_clyde_blurple_RGB.svg" width="64" height="64" /> Discord in Sidebar</h1>

<p align=center>
<img alt="Mozilla Add-on" src="https://img.shields.io/amo/v/%7Ba16c3799-d903-44e3-b044-a032197f5ef8%7D?style=for-the-badge">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/amo/rating/%7Ba16c3799-d903-44e3-b044-a032197f5ef8%7D?style=for-the-badge" />
<img src="https://img.shields.io/amo/dw/%7Ba16c3799-d903-44e3-b044-a032197f5ef8%7D?style=for-the-badge" />
<img src="https://img.shields.io/amo/users/%7Ba16c3799-d903-44e3-b044-a032197f5ef8%7D?style=for-the-badge" />
<img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/datastring/firefox-telegram-in-sidebar?style=for-the-badge" />
</p>

## Introduction

A Firefox WebExtension to display Discord within the Firefox sidebar. This extension adds a new section to the sidebar which contains the Discord web app. It also adds a shortcut, and a button toggle within the toolbar.

## How to Use

1. Toggle the sidebar by pressing _`Alt+Shift+6`_. This shortcut can be changed by going to _`Add-ons` → `Discord in Sidebar` → `Options`_.
2. If you prefer buttons over shortcuts, there is a toolbar button you can press to toggle the sidebar.

## How to Unlock Firefox Sidebar Width

The sidebar's width is _locked by default_ in Firefox. Unfortunately, the sidebar is very restrictive and I can only do so much to enhance the functionality of this extension. I put together a step-by-step guide on how to unlock it over at [my website](https://forgetful.dev/guides/unlock-firefox-sidebar/).

## Disclaimer

This Add-on is primarily for personal use; a personal project if you will. I'm just trying to use Discord on the Firefox sidebar. This add-on just launches their webapp in the sidebar. This extension is an independent project, has no relationship, and is not affiliated to Discord in any way.

## Reporting Issues

We use GitHub Issues as the official bug tracker for **Mabuya**. Please
search [existing issues](https://github.com/semanticdata/mabuya/issues). It’s
possible someone has already reported the same problem.

If your problem or idea is not addressed yet, [open a new issue](https://github.com/semanticdata/mabuya/issues/new).

## Contributing

We'd love your help! Please see [CONTRIBUTING.md](./CONTRIBUTING.md) to learn
about the kinds of contributions we're looking for.

## License

Source code in this repository is available under the [MIT](LICENSE) license. You are free to use this code however you see fit. That said, some acknowledgement would be well received.
